---
layout: post
date: 2024-10-26 15:09:00
inline: false
related_posts: false
title: Participation to the Cybathlon Global Edition 2024 !
images:
  compare: true
  slider: true
tags: research
thumbnail: assets/img/2024_10_Cybathlon/Cybathlon33.jpg
categories: research
featured: true
---
<ul>
  <li>The smart arm team, competed to the Cybathlon Global Edidtion 2024 in the ARM race and in the ROB race. The competition took place in Zürich, in October 2024.</li>


<swiper-container keyboard="true" navigation="true" pagination="true" pagination-clickable="true" pagination-dynamic-bullets="true" rewind="true">
  <swiper-slide>{% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/2024_10_Cybathlon/Cybathlon1.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}</swiper-slide>
  <swiper-slide>{% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/2024_10_Cybathlon/Cybathlon2.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}</swiper-slide>
  <swiper-slide>{% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/2024_10_Cybathlon/Cybathlon3.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}</swiper-slide>
  <swiper-slide>{% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/2024_10_Cybathlon/Cybathlon4.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}</swiper-slide>
  <swiper-slide>{% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/2024_10_Cybathlon/Cybathlon5.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}</swiper-slide>
  <swiper-slide>{% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/2024_10_Cybathlon/Cybathlon6.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}</swiper-slide>
  <swiper-slide>{% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/2024_10_Cybathlon/Cybathlon7.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}</swiper-slide>
  <swiper-slide>{% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/2024_10_Cybathlon/Cybathlon9.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}</swiper-slide>
  <swiper-slide>{% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/2024_10_Cybathlon/Cybathlon10.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}</swiper-slide>
  <swiper-slide>{% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/2024_10_Cybathlon/Cybathlon11.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}</swiper-slide>
  <swiper-slide>{% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/2024_10_Cybathlon/Cybathlon12.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}</swiper-slide>
  <swiper-slide>{% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/2024_10_Cybathlon/Cybathlon13.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}</swiper-slide>
  <swiper-slide>{% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/2024_10_Cybathlon/Cybathlon14.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}</swiper-slide>
  <swiper-slide>{% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/2024_10_Cybathlon/Cybathlon15.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}</swiper-slide>
  <swiper-slide>{% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/2024_10_Cybathlon/Cybathlon16.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}</swiper-slide>
  <swiper-slide>{% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/2024_10_Cybathlon/Cybathlon17.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}</swiper-slide>
  <swiper-slide>{% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/2024_10_Cybathlon/Cybathlon18.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}</swiper-slide>
  <swiper-slide>{% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/2024_10_Cybathlon/Cybathlon19.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}</swiper-slide>
  <swiper-slide>{% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/2024_10_Cybathlon/Cybathlon20.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}</swiper-slide>
  <swiper-slide>{% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/2024_10_Cybathlon/Cybathlon22.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}</swiper-slide>
  <swiper-slide>{% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/2024_10_Cybathlon/Cybathlon23.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}</swiper-slide>
  <swiper-slide>{% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/2024_10_Cybathlon/Cybathlon24.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}</swiper-slide>
  <swiper-slide>{% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/2024_10_Cybathlon/Cybathlon25.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}</swiper-slide>
  <swiper-slide>{% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/2024_10_Cybathlon/Cybathlon26.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}</swiper-slide>
  <swiper-slide>{% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/2024_10_Cybathlon/Cybathlon27.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}</swiper-slide>
  <swiper-slide>{% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/2024_10_Cybathlon/Cybathlon28.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}</swiper-slide>
  <swiper-slide>{% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/2024_10_Cybathlon/Cybathlon29.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}</swiper-slide>
  <swiper-slide>{% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/2024_10_Cybathlon/Cybathlon30.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}</swiper-slide>
  <swiper-slide>{% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/2024_10_Cybathlon/Cybathlon31.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}</swiper-slide>
  <swiper-slide>{% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/2024_10_Cybathlon/Cybathlon33.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}</swiper-slide>
  <swiper-slide>{% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/2024_10_Cybathlon/Cybathlon34.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}</swiper-slide>

</swiper-container>


  <li>In the ARM category, 10 tasks were presented to the pilots:
<ol>
  <li><strong>Carry Bottles</strong><br>Place weighted bottles into the crate and carry them to the table. Test involves picking up and carrying heavy objects.</li>
  <li><strong>Serving Food</strong><br>Carry a casserole dish and a frying pan from the stove to a location on a table. Test involves grasping and carrying objects of significant weight from one location to another.</li>
  <li><strong>Storing Dishes</strong><br>Grasp and stow away kitchen objects at the predefined target locations. Test involves manipulating objects in confined spaces and at varying heights.</li>
  <li><strong>Hanging Laundry</strong><br>Hang up the hooded sweater on the clothesline using a hanger. Test involves compatibility of the prosthesis's function, size, and shape for daily life tasks.</li>
  <li><strong>Do-It-Yourself</strong><br>Use a variety of hand tools in the context of do-it-yourself type work. Test involves dexterous use of hand tools with the prosthetic hand and wrist.</li>
  <li><strong>Containers</strong><br>Conduct a series of kitchen-related bimanual tasks. Test involves using kitchen tools and objects with precise two-handed actions.</li>
  <li><strong>Haptic Bag</strong><br>Identify and fetch objects of various shapes and flexibility without visual assistance. Test involves feeling different shapes and compliance of objects with prostheses.</li>
  <li><strong>Hot Wire</strong><br>Guide a loop with the prosthetic hand along a curved metal wire without touching it. Test involves maintaining a tight grip during sustained postural changes of the prosthetic hand.</li>
  <li><strong>Stacking</strong><br>Stack cups into a vertical pyramid. Test involves maintaining a stable grip during postural changes of the arm.</li>
  <li><strong>Clean Sweep</strong><br>Move objects from the box on one table to the target position on the other table. Test involves picking up small objects of varying shapes, sizes, and textures.</li>
</ol>

<div style="position:relative;padding-top:56.25%;">
  <iframe src="https://player.vimeo.com/video/1023529655?loop=false&amp;autoplay=false&amp;muted=false&amp;gesture=media&amp;playsinline=true&amp;byline=false&amp;portrait=false&amp;title=false&amp;speed=true&amp;transparent=false&amp;customControls=true&amp;dnt=true" style="position:absolute;top:0;left:0;width:100%;height:100%;" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>



For the Assistant Robot race, also 10 tasks were presented to the pilots : 
<ol>
  <li><strong>Mailbox</strong><br>Remove a parcel from a mailbox and transport it to a target location. Test involves the ability to grasp objects from within confined spaces.</li>
  <li><strong>Toothbrush</strong><br>Use the toothbrush. Test involves the ability to handle objects with heterogeneous properties such as shape, compliance, and texture.</li>
  <li><strong>Pick Up</strong><br>Pick up a bottle from the floor and place it on a table. Test involves the ability to pick up and stow scattered objects on the floor to clear obstacles.</li>
  <li><strong>Eating</strong><br>Use a user-assistance robot to pick and eat an apple. Test involves the ability to safely maneuver objects and bring them into contact with the pilot safely.</li>
  <li><strong>Scarf</strong><br>Hang a scarf on a clothesline. Test involves the ability to manipulate a soft fabric.</li>
  <li><strong>Navigation</strong><br>Pass between individual pieces of furniture while avoiding robots that are roaming the task space. Test involves the ability to navigate static and moving objects, adjust speed, and avoid collisions.</li>
  <li><strong>Touchscreen</strong><br>Navigate a touchscreen and order a predefined food item. Test involves the ability to maneuver user interfaces on touchscreens.</li>
  <li><strong>Door</strong><br>Open, pass through, and close a door. Test involves the ability to open, pass through, and close a door.</li>
  <li><strong>Object Placement</strong><br>Grab the correct object and set it on a predefined location. Test involves the ability to identify and fetch objects to place them in a given location.</li>
  <li><strong>Dishwasher</strong><br>Empty a dishwasher. Test involves the ability to grasp fragile objects in limited spaces and place them in a given location.</li>
</ol>




<div style="position:relative;padding-top:56.25%;">
  <iframe src="https://player.vimeo.com/video/1023369751?loop=false&amp;autoplay=false&amp;muted=false&amp;gesture=media&amp;playsinline=true&amp;byline=false&amp;portrait=false&amp;title=false&amp;speed=true&amp;transparent=false&amp;customControls=true&amp;dnt=true" style="position:absolute;top:0;left:0;width:100%;height:100%;" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>